(Yuya)
Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
(Nor)
You've been on quite
the role, Yuya,
but your dueltaining
ways are coming
to a screeching halt!
Aster?!
The people of the Xyz Dimension
were doing just fine
until we showed up.
We took their world
and turned it upside down.
I'm not cool being
the Professor's fool.
And if that makes me a traitor,
that's fine with me!
See ya on the other
side, Noro!
YOLO!
What?!
(Aster)
Listen... all of you!
The only decent thing to do
is to end the project
and work on righting
all the wrongs it caused.
Thank you.
Turning people into cards
is just a way
to capture and contain
their life force.
If you can get
those cards back,
we might find a way
to free them.
(Yuya)
So this is where
you zap all those cards
to the Fusion Dimension?
From that chamber
direct to Duel Academy.
Then fire it up!
I'm going to get
my family back!
Yugo, stop!
Zuzu, what are
you doing?
I'm gonna
hold these guys off.
You serious?
Yugo!
(Yuya)
Zuzu!
Ohh!
Yuya.
Well, whadda ya know!
Looky here,
it's like a reunion.
And you're
our surprise guest.
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
Yuya!
Your dad's here
and he needs our help!!
(Iggy)
No, you're the one
who needs help!
Aah! Unh!
Remember me, Yuya?
Huh?
'Cause you better believe
I haven't forgotten you!
It is time...
for payback!
Iggy Arlo?!
I haven't seen you
since our crazy duel
in the Arc League
Championship!
What are you
doing here?
(all gasp)
I'm here to make things
right, Yuya.
After you beat me,
nothing has been the same.
Especially at my school.
I had the stink
of defeat on me.
No one wanted anything
to do with me.
So I turned inward
and began to train,
letting the pain of losing
fuel me through
the long nights.
But my focus was lacking...
that is, until...
(Dennis)
If you really want
another chance at Yuya,
you'll need to
find him first.
And I can help.
Dennis brought me
to the Fusion Dimension,
And now that I'm here,
I'm going to finally prove
who the best duelist
truly is!
Grr!
Let him have it, Iggy.
And don't hold back.
Dennis?!
Gong!
Long time no see, chum!
You creep!
You've got a lot
to answer for
and unless you
get talking,
Gong'll get thumping!
Thumping on you!
Gong'll have you
beggin' for mercy!
But that's 'cause
he'll have my help!
Come now, don't you see
that you're in no position
to make threats?
Oh!
Grr!
Now... I must be going.
Bye! Whee!
Hey, hold up!
He got air!
Leave Dennis to me!
So we'll chill?
(Commander)
No, you'll hand
over the girl to us!
Otherwise, things are
gonna get really bad
for you all.
No way!
Look, Iggy,
let me go.
I have to help
protect Zuzu!
You should think about
helping yourself first!
Yuya!
(Gong)
We're not
giving Zuzu up!
Yeah, you want her,
You're gonna have
to get through us!
Hmm.
Yuya!
Wha‐‐
Don't back down to Iggy.
I'll be okay!
Gong and Sylvio are here.
And I'm ready to
rumble myself!
Yeah?
Fine then.
C'mon, let's do this, Iggy!
Yah!
I hope you know
what you're doing.
Yeah, me, too.
And I guess now we're
about to find out!
(Computer Voice)
Generating
Action Field: CROSSOVER.
(both)
Let's duel!
I'll go first!
I activate the spell
card Polymerization!
With it, I'll fuse
Kaiki the Unity Star
and Hayate
the Earth Star!
And now from these two...
will come one...
and will come your
deservingly painful defeat!
I Fusion Summon...
Idaten the Conqueror Star!
(grunts)
He played that
in our last duel!
Then I'll place one card
facedown and end my turn.
You disrespected me
in our last duel,
but I'm the one who will
humiliate you this time.
What happened between
the two of you?
Iggy was the most
brutal person
in the Championship
until he faced me.
I lost control and became
worse than Iggy ever was.
But that was then.
I draw!
I set the Pendulum Scale
with with Scale Three
Xiangke Magician
and Scale Eight
Xiangsheng Magician!
I'm taking control of
this duel starting now!
I can summon monsters from
Level Four through Level Seven
all at the same time!
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the arc of victory!
My monsters are ready...
to swing into action!
Earn your stripes
Performapal Salutiger!
Snap to it, Performapal
Whip Snake!
Drum it up,
Performapal Drummerilla!
Iggy wants payback,
and I don't blame him.
Because I was fueled by rage
and went overboard.
I can't be like that again,
and I won't!
As long as I keep
dueltaining!
Next, I overlay
Salutiger and Whip Snake!
Cloaked in shadows and
relentless in its objective,
I call upon the most
dangerous of dragons!
(roars)
I Xyz Summon...
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon!
Hmph!
And like in
our first duel,
by using one Overlay Unit,
the attack points
of your Idaten are
zip‐zapped in half!
And then Dark Rebellion
Xyz Dragon
gets charged up with
those attack points!
(growls)
This is how you
beat me last time, but...
this time will be
very different and all
thanks to
my Fusion Monster!
Since it lost attack points,
I can resurrect
Kaiki the Unity Star
back from the graveyard!
Unh!
Uh, you okay?
Grr!
Yeah, no.
Not okay!
You're gonna
fall hard, Yuya,
and I'm going to
enjoy watching it.
By paying
500 life points,
Kaiki lets me Fusion Summon
without Polymerization!
No!
Yes!
And now that's precisely
what I intend to do, Yuya!
I fuse Kaiki the Unity Star
and Idaten
the Conqueror Star!
So bear witness, Yuya,
as my two monsters combine
and become legend!
Show yourself&
Shura the Combat Star!
Two heads, four arms
but no attack points?
That's hardly a concern
because with Shura in play,
the attack points
of all other monsters
on the field become zero!
You're kidding me.
Ohh!
No, Yuya, this is
as real as it gets.
When our monsters battle,
they gain attack points equal
to their level times 200.
But your dragon is
an Xyz Monster,
and Xyz Monsters
don't have Levels.
So from here on out,
its attack points
will be zero!
In other words,
your dragon's
just had
its wings clipped.
Of course,
due to Kaiki's curse,
there's a price
I must pay for utilizing
these most
magnificent powers.
When I have
a Fusion Monster,
I take 500 points of damage
during each of my turns.
But that's a price
that I'll gladly pay
because, I'd do anything
to make you suffer as I have!
You don't know what it's
like to hurt every day.
You're wrong.
I don't think so, Yuya!
But you will!
Oh, man!
Iggy isn't joking.
He's willing to hurt
himself just to hurt me more.
He's out of control
like how I was
doing our first duel.
I have to show him
there's a better way
because I failed to
show him that before.
I activate
Xiangke Magician's
Pendulum ability!
It abracadabra's Dark
Rebellion Xyz Dragon's
Rank into a Level!
(roars)
So... its level
is so low
that it can't destroy
Shura anyway!
Well then it's
a good thing I can use
Xiangsheng Magician's
Pendulum ability!
Now Dark Rebellion
Dragon's Level
becomes the same
as Shura's!
And now time to tussle!
Dark Rebellion
Xyz Dragon,
attack Shura!
We'll see about that!
And now I'll play
Drumerilla's ability!
It drums up my dragon's
attack points by 600!
(drums thumping)
No!
Yaah!
I play the Action
Spell Choice Choice!
I can choose to prevent
my monster
from being destroyed
or cutting the damage
I take in half!
So I choose to
save my Shura!
You're gonna hurt
yourself again!
Unh!
Now that
the battle's over,
my dragon's power up,
powers down.
As does Shura's.
So, you through?
Is that the best
you've got?
Nah, my best
is way better.
You just wait.
Sorry, pal,
but now your Level
changes back
into a Rank.
My draw!
(roars)
(yelling)
500 points of damage
never felt so good!
Iggy, you aren't
looking so great.
Who cares how I look when
such power flows through me!
Power I'll use to defeat you!
Ohh!
(maniacal laugh)
I equip Shura with
Shooting Star Sword!
So now, when Shura
destroys a lower Level
monster in battle,
Shura can attack again!
(growls)
Oh, no!
Now let's get
to the good part!
Shura, give Drumerilla
a beat down!
The only way out of this mess
is to get an Action Card!
(yelling)
Unh!
I'll be taking this!
And now, due to
Shura's ability,
our monsters gain
attack points
equal to their
Level times 200!
Okay, Drumerilla,
it's time to drum up
some attack points!
(drums thumping)
Good thing
I snagged this then!
The Action Spell
Charge Recklessly!
It raises Shura's
points by 600!
(roars)
(groaning)
You're looking a little
worse for wear, Yuya,
and things are only
gonna get worse!
Since Shura is equipped
with Shooting Star Sword
it can now attack again!
And attack it will!
And while my Shura
gains 2400 attack points,
your dragon gains none!
Unh.
(yelling)
What the‐‐
Uh, whoa!
(yelping)
Ahh! Huh?!
I play the Action
Spell Restore!
And even though it won't
help me restore my balance,
it does restore all of
my dragon's attack points!
Oh! Whoa! Whoo!
Whoa! It's back
to full power now!
In that case,
I play the Action Spell
Double Attack!
Now Shura's
twice as strong!
That blade would be
great at dicing up fruit!
Oh!
Where's he headed?
(grunts)
Hyah!
All right!
I activate Evasion,
so my dragon's able
to dodge your attack!
Blast it!
Your turn.
Oh, man.
That was a close one.
Too close.
I'm worried, Yuya.
Me, too.
And you know what, Yuto?
It's making me
feel alive!
Way to duel, Yuya!
Gong needs you
to focus on
our own battle!
It's fine.
The guys we're dueling
are drooling on Yuya's
duel as well!
Okay, I draw!
Yes!
First I'll start by
bringing the beat back
from my Extra Deck!
Nice to see you again,
Drummerilla!
And I'll add
a little flare
with Performapal
Pyrobster!
So an ape?
And a lobster?
Sounds like the beginning
of a bad joke to me.
Next I'll once again
use Xiangke Magician's
Pendulum ability
to change Dark
Rebellion Xyz Dragon's
Rank into a Level!
And just like last time,
thanks to
Xiangsheng Magician's
Pendulum ability,
my dragon's Level
becomes the same
as Shura's!
Yeah, same move
as last time.
And what good
did it get ya?
It got me the chance
to do this.
By using
one Overlay Unit,
Shura's attack points
are cut in half
and then my dragon
gains them!
But half of nothing
is still nothing!
So your dragon doesn't
gain a thing!
That's true,
but I've got
something else planned!
Something else?
I now activate
Performapal Pyrobster's
Pendulum ability!
It changes Shura's Level
to the total of the two
Performapals' Levels
in my graveyard!
Hmm, I see.
So you used
an Overlay Unit
because you needed
another Performapal
in your graveyard!
That's right.
And now
the combined Levels
of the Performapals
in my graveyard
add up to wait
for it...
wait for it...
Eight!
Grr!
Now, ladies
and gentleman,
It's the moment you've
all been waiting for.
It's now showtime!
Dark Rebellion Xyz
Dragon attack!
Due to my Shura's
special ability,
your Dark Rebellion
Xyz Dragon
is 800 attack points
stronger than it now.
Not just 800!
Drumerilla's
drum rolling
600 attack points
Dark Rebellion's way!
Blast!
To survive, I'll need
to find an Action Card!
But there isn't
one in sight!
Still I must get my revenge!
I must do something!
Time for Plan B.
I play a trap!
Radiance of
the Forbidden Spell!
But to activate it, I must
pay half my life points!
Now all open zones
on my field can
no longer be used,
but my monster gains
800 attack points
for each of those zones!
(roars)
Unh! Ahh!
And now that
this battle's over,
all your monsters are
switched to defense mode,
but my Shura is destroyed.
You know, Yuya,
this is about more
than just our last match.
I doubt that you recall,
but we've crossed paths,
and I've despised you
ever since!
Huh?
It was years ago.
I was headed
to my duel school
when I saw you training.
you were so happy,
so full of joy
I was jealous, Yuya!
But I will be
jealous no more!
Because if I can't have
joy, you can't either!
But you can have it!
Your words lie!
Radiance of the
Forbidden Spell
has another effect.
After the battle ends,
we both take damage
equal to the number
of Monster Zones
that I can no longer
use times 500.
Say what?!
That's 2,000 points a piece!
They'll both lose!
This is what it's
come to, Yuya!
If I can't win,
then neither can you!
(maniacal laugh)
Iggy!
Oh! Aah!
Oh!
Yuya!
No Iggy!
I'm not going to let it
end like this!
I activate my trap,
Acrobatic Tower!
Unh!
(chuckles)
All right!
What are you doing?
You said we take damage
after the battle ends,
but by playing my trap,
I'm continuing
the battle!
Ahh!
What is that?
A wobble of wonder,
Acrobatic Tower.
I took all our monsters
in our graveyards
and fields,
that's nine of them
if you're counting,
and stacked them up
into a tower!
Look at those nine balls
balance precariously!
Don't tip over!
Now comes the fun part.
We both draw two cards
from our deck.
If either of us
draws a monster card,
we gotta place it on top
of this wobbly tower.
And if it wobbles
too far and drops
on top of one of us,
then that
unfortunate fellow
takes 200 points of
damage for each monster!
So then it all comes down
to these draws.
Sounds like fun.
Let's do it.
On three.
Great!
One, two, three!
(both)
Draw!
We show our cards
by sending them
to the graveyard.
All right, it's time.
My first monster
is Performapal Hip Hippo!
Mine's Hayate
the Earth Star!
My Hippo's Level Three,
so it's a tiny ball.
But Hayate's Level Five,
so it's a big ball.
That tower's not
looking too steady.
Look like's it's
heavy on your end!
My second monster is
Bit Bite Turtle!
And mine is
Tenma the Sky Star!
Whoa! The tower's really
movin' and groovin' now!
I don't see how it can
keep steady and straight!
All that sway's about
to come into play!
Uh‐oh!
Looks like it's
heavier on Iggy's end!
Uhh!
So 13 monsters are about
to drop, plop, and pop!
That's a wrap!
Ugh.
I've... failed.
Huh?
You haven't failed.
You had fun!
Had fun?
(cheers and applause)
And look, everyone
else did, too!
(cheering grows louder)
See?
There's more to
dueling than revenge!
You may be right.
Huh?
Thank you.
Heh heh!
You did it, Yuya.
You put on a show
and showed Iggy your smile.
Until we meet
again, friend.